14th March 2018
  
  worked on activating publishing feature using REST api

15th March

  CRUD operations using JSOM 

16th March

  GanttChart POC - created bulk subtasks dynamically under a group and populated to Gantt Chart.

19th March
  
  GanttChart POC - created Multiple groups with set of subtasks and created links between subtasks under a group.

20TH March
 
  Listed the tasks what I have done in my previous experience and working on CRUD operations using REST API

21st & 22nd March 

  Created a master page using design manager with html file and referenced css,js and other files to it and working on CRUD operations using REST API

23rd March
 working on CRUD operations using REST API with new form fields

28th March
Worked on CRUD operations using REST and JSOM with new,view and edit form fields

29th March
created a list with lookup field and populated that value to email field

2nd April
Created a MessageList and data is accessing from other two lists, In new & edit forms added new custom controls to add and cancel and finally the message list will be updated 
with added and updated items and also need to send a mail to the particular user of current item with respective to user's email id.

Created a pie chart(google chart) to populate percent based on count of Status values.

3rd April
Created KendoGrid to populate list of users and groups in a particular site
Created KendoGrid to populate the items of MessageList

4th April
Some validations in MessageList New and Edit forms for both JSOM & REST CRUD Operations
Created Kendo Grid using JSOM.

5th April & 9th April
Created new form to show the each item in PostList as div containers with editpost and deletepost buttons.  
New Post Button works as modal dialog and also edit post also works as modal dialog.

10th April to 13th April
Master pages and pagelayouts for cmf,tillid and iaccess.

16th April
Worked on global navigation of tillid consists of managed terms with sub terms and packaged wsp's for cmf,tillid and iaccess.

17th April
Kendo grid with custom view and customization with datetime picker

18th April
Tried to create custom filter but in the latest version of kendo, no need of custom filter as per our requirement.

19th April
Tested the New Reminder form with few test cases and working on the content of iaccess new request form.

20th April
Working on Iaccess pagelayout content and form validations

23rd April
Working on fixes on Iaccess masterpage and pagelayout 

24th April
Worked on Iaccess kendo grid and started reading angular js

25th April
Started Practicing on Angular JS